feeble humans let us give you our power
you will become unable to resist this
intoxicating power hey hey wake up yeah
yeah crawl out of one hole and into
another you want to tell me what's going
on here americano see now what brings a
bloke like you to this part of the world
Oh a you see whoever you are name's Leon
came here looking for this girl seen her
what are you supposed to be a cop or
something nah you don't look the type
maybe ok let me guess she's the
president's daughter let's do good for a
guess want to start explaining psychic
powers nah I'm just kidding with you
amigo I overheard one of the villagers
talking something about the president's
daughter in the church
and who might you be me i'ma Luis Serra
I used to be a cop in Madrid but now i'm
just a good-for-nothing guy who happens
to be quite a ladies man why'd you quit
foof policia you put your life on the
line nobody really appreciates you
enough for it being a hero isn't what
it's cracked up to be any more used to
be a cop myself only for a day though I
thought I was bad somehow I managed to
get myself involved with the incident in
Raccoon City on my first day in the
force that is the incident with the
viral outbreak right I think I might
have seen a sample of the virus in a lab
at the Department
something pop after you now it's Leon
sorry I couldn't get in touch sooner but
I was a bit tie it up you're okay right
I'm fine there was a male civilian held
captive according to him Ashley's in a
church somewhere what happened to him he
managed to escape do you have a fix on
the location of that church no but
apparently there's a secret passage in
the village it leads there i'm heading
back to the village over here stranger
got something that might interest you
our usual maestro half a second blog is
you carry the same blood as us it seems
nevertheless you're an outsider just
remember if you become unpleasant to our
eyes you're faizon severe consequences
what same blood